[doc] Add topic load latency metrics documentation (#15447)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-metrics.md

- [Pulsar SQL Worker](#pulsar-sql-worker)
- [Pulsar transaction](#pulsar-transaction)

### Broker metrics
All the broker metrics are labelled with the following labels:
- cluster: cluster=${pulsar_cluster}. ${pulsar_cluster} is the cluster name that you have configured in the `broker.conf` file.

| Name | Type   | Description                                          |
|---|---|---|
| pulsar_ml_cache_evictions | Gauge  | The number of cache evictions during the last minute. |
| pulsar_ml_cache_hits_rate | Gauge  | The number of cache hits per second on the broker side. |

> | pulsar_ml_cache_hits_throughput | Gauge  | The amount of data is retrieved from the cache on the broker side (in byte/s). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_cache_hits_throughput | Gauge  | The amount of data (byte per second) retrieved from the cache on the broker side. |
```

> | pulsar_ml_cache_misses_rate | Gauge  | The number of cache misses per second on the broker side. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_cache_misses_rate | Gauge  | The number of cache missed per second on the broker side. |
```

> | pulsar_ml_cache_misses_throughput | Gauge  | The amount of data is not retrieved from the cache on the broker side (in byte/s). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_cache_misses_throughput | Gauge  | The amount of data (byte per second) that cannot be retrieved from the cache on the broker side. |
```

> | pulsar_ml_cache_pool_active_allocations | Gauge  | The number of currently active allocations in direct arena |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_cache_pool_active_allocations | Gauge  | The number of currently active allocations in direct arena. |
```

> | pulsar_ml_cache_pool_active_allocations_huge | Gauge  | The number of currently active huge allocation in direct arena |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_cache_pool_active_allocations_huge | Gauge  | The number of currently active huge allocation in direct arena. |
```

> | pulsar_ml_cache_pool_active_allocations_normal | Gauge  | The number of currently active normal allocations in direct arena |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_cache_pool_active_allocations_normal | Gauge  | The number of currently active normal allocations in direct arena. |
```

> | pulsar_ml_cache_pool_active_allocations_small | Gauge  | The number of currently active small allocations in direct arena |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_cache_pool_active_allocations_small | Gauge  | The number of currently active small allocations in direct arena. |
```

> | pulsar_ml_cache_pool_allocated | Gauge  | The total allocated memory of chunk lists in direct arena |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_cache_pool_allocated | Gauge  | The total allocated memory of chunk lists in direct arena. |
```

> | pulsar_ml_cache_pool_used | Gauge  | The total used memory of chunk lists in direct arena |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_cache_pool_used | Gauge  | The total used memory of chunk lists in direct arena. |
```

> | pulsar_ml_cache_used_size | Gauge  | The size in byte used to store the entries payloads |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_cache_used_size | Gauge  | The size used to store the payloads of entries (in bytes). |
```

> | pulsar_ml_count | Gauge  | The number of currently opened managed ledgers |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_ml_count | Gauge  | The number of currently opened managed ledgers. |
```

> | topic_load_times | Summary | The topic load latency calculated in milliseconds |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| topic_load_times | Summary | The topic load latency calculated in milliseconds. |
```

> | pulsar_active_connections| Gauge | The number of active connections |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_active_connections| Gauge | The number of active connections. |
```

> | pulsar_connection_created_total_count | Gauge | The total number of connections |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_connection_created_total_count | Gauge | The total number of connections. |
```

> | pulsar_connection_create_success_count | Gauge | The number of successfully created connections |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_connection_create_success_count | Gauge | The number of successfully created connections. |
```

> | pulsar_connection_create_fail_count | Gauge | The number of failed connections |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_connection_create_fail_count | Gauge | The number of failed connections. |
```

> | pulsar_connection_closed_total_count | Gauge | The total number of closed connections |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_connection_closed_total_count | Gauge | The total number of closed connections. |
```

> | pulsar_broker_throttled_connections | Gauge | The number of throttled connections |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_broker_throttled_connections | Gauge | The number of throttled connections. |
```

> | pulsar_broker_throttled_connections_global_limit | Gauge | The number of throttled connections because of per-connection limit |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_broker_throttled_connections_global_limit | Gauge | The number of throttled connections due to per-connection limit. |
```
